a/civ/aic-modded-mc.md, before:

Amelorate Invitational CivModServerWithoutTheBadParts
---

## NOTICE: This is a draft, AIC isn't up yet. Things may change, I'll probably fix things.
The pack isn't done, I'll upload it eventually.

My modded minecraft world I was playing while I was pearled sperged out and turned half the blocks into leaf carpet blocks,
so I modified the pack and put it on a multiplayer server. This can not turn out well.

The pack is 1.10 with most of the good mods. I removed mods that make automation a case of crafting a set of magic blocks,
so you'll have to put some thought into automating things. Methods of fast-travel are also removed.
Use Antique Atlas and BiblioCraft if you want a map. JourneyMap and VoxelMap will not be added.
If you want any other mods added, just ask me and I'll probably add it to the pack.

You can join the discord and get whitelisted at https://discord.gg/wFTfBRt.

Rules
---
1. Don't intentionally foul anyone's playing experince. This includes killing people, raiding bases, duping, and creating lag.
2. Amelorate is a player. Amelorate is also an admin. Player admins are a thing here, get used to it.
3. Don't take another server's drama into AIC. 
4. Don't add any mods to the pack without approval.
If you ask me, I'll probably add the mod to the pack if I think it's balanced.

I reserve the right to do anything to you in retaliation for breaking the rules, including but not limited to:

* Banning you
* Pearling you on Devoted
* Pearling you on CivClassics
* Worldediting out your base
* Posting bad fanfiction about you.

The one exception to this is that I will not leak your IP address or DDOS you.

Q&A
---
Q: Won't you have my IP if I join?  
A: Yes, I will. But I'm a good boy who doesn't know the third and fifth step to DDOSing someone.
I also promise not to leak your IP.

Q: How is the modpack balanced? What blocks are disabled? What recipes are modified?  
A: Badly. In general, blocks that can teleport you, teleport items, or automate something with little effort are disabled. 
At this time, no significant recipes are modified, however you can check them in JEI

Q: Why is PvP and raiding bannable?  
A: This is not a civserver. While you can PvP if both parties consent, PvP is not balanced in the modpack (nor in 1.10 tbh).
In the future, I might reset the server and create a PvP-raiding iteration, however it is very hard to balance modded PvP.

Q: How do I chunkload?  
A: Use The Weirding Gadget. Place the block in the world and right click it, it will keep the 3x3 of chunks loaded
for a few days. Other mods have chunk loaders too, but The Weirding Gadget is the one that I won't remove unless things
break.

Q: Why 1.10 instead of 1.7? Isn't the pvp bad on 1.10?  
A: Mods for 1.10 are still being updated, and at the same time mods that are slow to update are already on 1.10.
I know that 1.7's pvp is way better, however this isn't a pvp server. You can still pvp if you want,
however pvp is not the main mechanic. PvE in 1.10 is better than 1.7, and that's what matters in this case.

Mods
---
(library mods removed, sorted roughly A-Z)

ActuallyAdditions  
actuallycomputers  
AkashicTome  
antiqueatlas  
AppleSkin  
appliedenergistics2  
AromaBackup  
autopackager  
AutoRegLib  
badwithernocookiereloaded  
Baubles  
BetterBuildersWands  
BiblioCraft  
Botania  
Ceramics  
ChestTransporter  
Chisel  
chiselsandbits  
clarity  
Clumps  
ColossalChests  
Computronics  
CraftingCraft  
CraftingTweaks  
CraftTweaker  
DarkUtilities  
denseores  
dirt2path  
EnderIO  
Exchangers   
extrautils2  
FastLeafDecay  
forestry  
ForgivingVoid  
FTBUtilities  
gravestone  
hopperducts  
iChunUtil  
ironchest  
IvToolkit  
jei  
JustEnoughCalculation  
JustEnoughResources  
MineMenu  
MmmMmmMmmMmm  
moreoverlays  
Morph-o-Tool  
Morpheus  
NetherPortalFix  
OpenComputers  
OpenEye  
OpenGlider  
OpenSecurity  
OreExcavation  
oreshrubs  
ProgressiveAutomation   
ProjectRed-Base  
ProjectRed-integration  
ProjectRed-lighting  
ProjectRed-world  
ProjectRed-Compat  
Psi  
Quark  
Railcraft  
RandomThings  
RecurrentComplex  
RedstoneArsenal  
rftools  
rftoolsctrl  
rftoolsdim  
SleepingBag  
StorageDrawers  
Streams    
SuperCircuitMaker    
supercraftingframe  
Sync  
TConstruct  
theoneprobe  
ThermalDynamics  
ThermalExpansion  
ThermalFoundation  
TickProfiler  
tinyprogressions  
usefulnullifiers  
voidcup  
Waystones  
WearableBackpacks  
weirdinggadget  
woot  
WR-CBE

Commit message:

Update aic-modded-mc.md saying I've given up

a/civ/aic-modded-mc.md, after:

Amelorate Invitational CivModServerWithoutTheBadParts
---

## NOTICE: This is a draft, AIC isn't up yet. Things may change, I'll probably fix things.  
The pack isn't done, I'll upload it eventually. I also might give up when almost complete, as I've basically done.  
Bother me on discord or whatever if you want the pack as I made it so far.

My modded minecraft world I was playing while I was pearled sperged out and turned half the blocks into leaf carpet blocks,
so I modified the pack and put it on a multiplayer server. This can not turn out well.

The pack is 1.10 with most of the good mods. I removed mods that make automation a case of crafting a set of magic blocks,
so you'll have to put some thought into automating things. Methods of fast-travel are also removed.
Use Antique Atlas and BiblioCraft if you want a map. JourneyMap and VoxelMap will not be added.
If you want any other mods added, just ask me and I'll probably add it to the pack.

You can join the discord and get whitelisted at https://discord.gg/wFTfBRt.

Rules
---
1. Don't intentionally foul anyone's playing experince. This includes killing people, raiding bases, duping, and creating lag.
2. Amelorate is a player. Amelorate is also an admin. Player admins are a thing here, get used to it.
3. Don't take another server's drama into AIC. 
4. Don't add any mods to the pack without approval.
If you ask me, I'll probably add the mod to the pack if I think it's balanced.

I reserve the right to do anything to you in retaliation for breaking the rules, including but not limited to:

* Banning you
* Pearling you on Devoted
* Pearling you on CivClassics
* Worldediting out your base
* Posting bad fanfiction about you.

The one exception to this is that I will not leak your IP address or DDOS you.

Q&A
---
Q: Won't you have my IP if I join?  
A: Yes, I will. But I'm a good boy who doesn't know the third and fifth step to DDOSing someone.
I also promise not to leak your IP.

Q: How is the modpack balanced? What blocks are disabled? What recipes are modified?  
A: Badly. In general, blocks that can teleport you, teleport items, or automate something with little effort are disabled. 
At this time, no significant recipes are modified, however you can check them in JEI

Q: Why is PvP and raiding bannable?  
A: This is not a civserver. While you can PvP if both parties consent, PvP is not balanced in the modpack (nor in 1.10 tbh).
In the future, I might reset the server and create a PvP-raiding iteration, however it is very hard to balance modded PvP.

Q: How do I chunkload?  
A: Use The Weirding Gadget. Place the block in the world and right click it, it will keep the 3x3 of chunks loaded
for a few days. Other mods have chunk loaders too, but The Weirding Gadget is the one that I won't remove unless things
break.

Q: Why 1.10 instead of 1.7? Isn't the pvp bad on 1.10?  
A: Mods for 1.10 are still being updated, and at the same time mods that are slow to update are already on 1.10.
I know that 1.7's pvp is way better, however this isn't a pvp server. You can still pvp if you want,
however pvp is not the main mechanic. PvE in 1.10 is better than 1.7, and that's what matters in this case.

Mods
---
(library mods removed, sorted roughly A-Z)

ActuallyAdditions  
actuallycomputers  
AkashicTome  
antiqueatlas  
AppleSkin  
appliedenergistics2  
AromaBackup  
autopackager  
AutoRegLib  
badwithernocookiereloaded  
Baubles  
BetterBuildersWands  
BiblioCraft  
Botania  
Ceramics  
ChestTransporter  
Chisel  
chiselsandbits  
clarity  
Clumps  
ColossalChests  
Computronics  
CraftingCraft  
CraftingTweaks  
CraftTweaker  
DarkUtilities  
denseores  
dirt2path  
EnderIO  
Exchangers   
extrautils2  
FastLeafDecay  
forestry  
ForgivingVoid  
FTBUtilities  
gravestone  
hopperducts  
iChunUtil  
ironchest  
IvToolkit  
jei  
JustEnoughCalculation  
JustEnoughResources  
MineMenu  
MmmMmmMmmMmm  
moreoverlays  
Morph-o-Tool  
Morpheus  
NetherPortalFix  
OpenComputers  
OpenEye  
OpenGlider  
OpenSecurity  
OreExcavation  
oreshrubs  
ProgressiveAutomation   
ProjectRed-Base  
ProjectRed-integration  
ProjectRed-lighting  
ProjectRed-world  
ProjectRed-Compat  
Psi  
Quark  
Railcraft  
RandomThings  
RecurrentComplex  
RedstoneArsenal  
rftools  
rftoolsctrl  
rftoolsdim  
SleepingBag  
StorageDrawers  
Streams    
SuperCircuitMaker    
supercraftingframe  
Sync  
TConstruct  
theoneprobe  
ThermalDynamics  
ThermalExpansion  
ThermalFoundation  
TickProfiler  
tinyprogressions  
usefulnullifiers  
voidcup  
Waystones  
WearableBackpacks  
weirdinggadget  
woot  
WR-CBE
